The following license applies to the entire contents of this directory (the "Contents") except where otherwise noted. The Contents consist of software and data used with the Stretch RE1 mobile manipulator, which is a robot produced and sold by Hello Robot Inc.

Copyright 2020 Hello Robot Inc.

The Contents are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike-4.0-International (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0) license (the "License"); you may not use the Contents except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, the Contents distributed under the License are distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Patents pending and trademark rights cover the Contents. As stated by the detailed License, "Patent and trademark rights are not licensed under this Public License."

The Contents may incorporate some parts of the "RealSense Camera description package for Intel 3D D400 cameras" released with an Apache 2.0 license and Copyright 2017 Intel Corporation. The details of the Apache 2.0 license can be found via the following link:  

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Specifically, the Contents may include the d435.dae mesh file and content generated by the \_d435.urdf.xacro found within the GitHub repository available for download via the following link as of May 4, 2020:

https://github.com/IntelRealSense/realsense-ros/tree/development/realsense2_description

These specific materials are subject to the requirements of their original Apache 2.0 license.

For further information about the Contents including inquiries about dual licensing, please contact Hello Robot Inc.
